docs: don't allow patches for linux formula either (#11696)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Acceptable-Formulae.md

### Niche (or self-submitted) stuff
The software in question must:

> * be maintained (i.e. the last release wasn't ages ago, it works without patching on all Homebrews supported OS versions and has no outstanding, unpatched security vulnerabilities)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* be maintained (i.e. the last release wasn't ages ago, it works without patching on all OS versions supported by Homebrew and has no outstanding, unpatched security vulnerabilities)
```

Reviewer 2: Or:
```suggestion
* be maintained (i.e. the last release wasn't ages ago, it works without patching on all Homebrew-supported OS versions and has no outstanding, unpatched security vulnerabilities)
```
